Add the default value indicator in prose (#39626)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/grid-column-end/index.md

### Values

- `auto`
  - : Contributes nothing to the grid item's placement, indicating auto-placement, an automatic span, or a default span of `1`. This is the default value.
- `<custom-ident>`

>   - : Contributes the first line to the grid item's placement if there is a named line with the name '\<custom-ident>-end'.

Reviewer: while this is better than the original, so approvable, i don't really understand it. 
```suggestion
  - : Contributes the first line to the grid item's placement if there is a named line with the name `<custom-ident>-end`.
```
